wow today we are in a video how
get garen and the look of garen
command if we are to the servers of
the cndh and what we will have to do
is to explain in the link that I have the
description and you will come to this page in
this page what you are going to have to
do is put your username
in cannes 94 is an account that I have
created just to do this is the
level 1 and I will not use it before
ask me or add me Lewis and
demons or 24 lane server region
in this case and what is your champion
favorite here we put what we want
suppose it is broken and no one has
I like that and we click on it to obtain
garen command
we apply , we accept
i
we have to give like we like
nose and now we give you to accept
if added but I already do light
like
Light
get to the command
hallelujah they already gave us it will click
you can stop going out windows
emerging I do not want to share anything
now we take the code that we have been given
as we see it expires in 2009 in 2099
I think that none will have problems with
this you have to do each one this already
that the code is different for each one
and now we click on the central store
take care of my child
we click on codes
and we are going to introduce the garen code
command what we copy we paste it and you
we send
and here is already what sent to give in very
well the applied want we go here and
karen command available I hope that you
have liked this video so we can
also say that tada river or something
also alan and the as there is a gave us
I give the 3 knight hope you have
liked if it was like that
favorites if you want and if they are not
subscribed to subscribe and see you in the
following